src/pages/enterprise/index.md, before:

---
title: Adobe ABM campaign landing page | Adobe Document Services
description: Seo description.
---

import WhyDocumentServices from './why-document-services.md';
import SeamlessAndSimpleIntegration from './Seamless_sample_integration.md';
import ReimagineYourDocument from './Reimagine_your_document.md';
import CustomerStory from './customStories.md'
import {APIPixelRetargeting} from '../../components/retargetting'

<Hero slots="heading, text, assetsImg, buttons"  customLayout variant="halfwidth" className="herobgImage Hero-Banner assetImglaptop"/>

# Build agreements faster.

Automate your sales, HR, or legal document workflows with APIs from the PDF standard creator.
Get 1,000 document transactions for free.

abm-landing-page-hero

- [Start free trial](https://documentcloud.adobe.com/dc-integration-creation-app-cdn/main.html)


<!-- Why Adobe Document Services -->
<WrapperComponent slots="content" repeat="1" theme="lightest" className="why-pdf-services Why-PDF-Services-API"/>

<WhyDocumentServices />

<!-- Seamless and simple integration -->
<WrapperComponent slots="content" theme="light" className="why-docment-services"/>

<SeamlessAndSimpleIntegration />

<!-- Reimagine your document -->
<ReimagineYourDocument />


<!-- ZigZag -->

<TextBlock slots="heading,text,subHeading,linksGroups,buttons,image" theme="light" headerElementType="h2" homeZigZag isbuttonGroups className="home-zigzag-comp-padding Adobe-PDF-Extract-API sales-process" />

### Speed up your sales process.

Quickly publish sales collateral to the web and automate your entire sales experience. You can build custom, branded sales proposals and contracts using Microsoft Word templates, then import deal-specific data from your own systems. And with e-sign features, you can close deals faster.

### Relevant APIs:

* [Adobe Document Generation API](apis/doc-generation/)
* [Adobe PDF Services API](apis/pdf-services/)
* [Adobe Acrobat Sign](https://www.adobe.com/sign.html)
* [Adobe PDF Embed API](apis/pdf-embed/)

- [Start tutorial](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/document-services/tutorials/usecases/acceleratesales.html)

![PDF Extract API Workflow](../images/mob_Image_Sales.jpg)

<TextBlock slots="image,heading,text,subHeading,linksGroups, buttons" theme="lightest"  primaryOutline headerElementType="h2" homeZigZag className="home-zigzag-comp-padding Adobe-Document-Generation-API employee-paperwork"/>

![Document Generation API Workflow](../images/mob_Image_Simplify.jpg)

### Simplify employee paperwork.

Modernize your document processes with digital HR letters for new hires and employees. You can create letters from templates in Microsoft Word and convert them to PDF; merge several documents into a single, convenient onboarding PDF packet; and send offer letters to candidates and managers, then track status in real time and securely capture e-signatures.

### Relevant APIs:

* [Adobe Document Generation API](apis/doc-generation/)
* [Adobe PDF Services API](apis/pdf-services/)
* [Adobe Acrobat Sign](https://www.adobe.com/sign.html)
* [Adobe PDF Embed API](apis/pdf-embed/)

- [Start tutorial](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/document-services/tutorials/usecases/employeeonboarding.html)

<TextBlock slots="heading,text,subHeading,linksGroups,buttons,image" theme="light" headerElementType="h2" homeZigZag className="home-zigzag-comp-padding Adobe-PDF-Extract-API legal-workflows" />

### Automate legal workflows.

Streamline legal contract and compliance processes to save time and reduce business risks. You can create legal document templates with dynamic fields that can be automatically merged with data and customized with specicfic inputs and logic. In a few steps, you can build efficient workflows for reviews, approvals, and capturing e-signatures.

### Relevant APIs:

* [Adobe Document Generation API](apis/doc-generation/)
* [Adobe PDF Services API](apis/pdf-services/)
* [Adobe PDF Extract API](apis/pdf-extract/)
* [Adobe PDF Embed API](apis/pdf-embed/)

- [Start tutorial](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/document-services/tutorials/usecases/automatelegalworkflows.html)

![PDF Extract API Workflow](../images/mob_Image_Legal.jpg)


<SummaryBlock slots="heading, text" theme="dark" background="rgb(31, 42, 73)" className="customer_stories py-1"/>

## Customer stories.

See how our customers are building smarter and faster document experiences.

<!-- Custom Stories -->
<WrapperComponent slots="content"  background="rgb(31, 42, 73)" className="customer_story_wrapper"/>
<CustomerStory />


<SummaryBlock slots="image, heading, text, buttons" theme="lightest" primaryOutline background="white" className="get-started-today py-2"/>

![summary block bg img](../images/bg-hero.jpeg)

### Get started today.

Activate your free trial and build better document workflows today.

- [Start free trial](https://documentcloud.adobe.com/dc-integration-creation-app-cdn/main.html)
- [Talk to an expert](/pricing/contact/)

<APIPixelRetargeting/>

Commit message:

ABM landing page issue fix

src/pages/enterprise/index.md, after:

---
title: Adobe Document APIs for Enterprise Developers
description: Adobe Document APIs for Enterprise Developers.
---

import WhyDocumentServices from './why-document-services.md';
import SeamlessAndSimpleIntegration from './Seamless_sample_integration.md';
import ReimagineYourDocument from './Reimagine_your_document.md';
import CustomerStory from './customStories.md'
import {APIPixelRetargeting} from '../../components/retargetting'

<Hero slots="heading, text, assetsImg, buttons"  customLayout variant="halfwidth" className="herobgImage Hero-Banner assetImglaptop"/>

# Build agreements faster.

Automate your sales, HR, or legal document workflows with APIs from the PDF standard creator.
Get 1,000 document transactions for free.

abm-landing-page-hero

- [Start free trial](https://documentcloud.adobe.com/dc-integration-creation-app-cdn/main.html)


<!-- Why Adobe Document Services -->
<WrapperComponent slots="content" repeat="1" theme="lightest" className="why-pdf-services Why-PDF-Services-API"/>

<WhyDocumentServices />

<!-- Seamless and simple integration -->
<WrapperComponent slots="content" theme="light" className="why-docment-services"/>

<SeamlessAndSimpleIntegration />

<!-- Reimagine your document -->
<ReimagineYourDocument />


<!-- ZigZag -->

<TextBlock slots="heading,text,subHeading,linksGroups,buttons,image" theme="light" headerElementType="h2" homeZigZag isbuttonGroups className="home-zigzag-comp-padding Adobe-PDF-Extract-API sales-process" />

### Speed up your sales process.

Quickly publish sales collateral to the web and automate your entire sales experience. You can build custom, branded sales proposals and contracts using Microsoft Word templates, then import deal-specific data from your own systems. And with e-sign features, you can close deals faster.

### Relevant APIs:

* [Adobe Document Generation API](apis/doc-generation/)
* [Adobe PDF Services API](apis/pdf-services/)
* [Adobe Acrobat Sign](https://www.adobe.com/sign.html)
* [Adobe PDF Embed API](apis/pdf-embed/)

- [Start tutorial](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/document-services/tutorials/usecases/acceleratesales.html)

![PDF Extract API Workflow](../images/mob_Image_Sales.jpg)

<TextBlock slots="image,heading,text,subHeading,linksGroups, buttons" theme="lightest"  primaryOutline headerElementType="h2" homeZigZag className="home-zigzag-comp-padding Adobe-Document-Generation-API employee-paperwork"/>

![Document Generation API Workflow](../images/mob_Image_Simplify.jpg)

### Simplify employee paperwork.

Modernize your document processes with digital HR letters for new hires and employees. You can create letters from templates in Microsoft Word and convert them to PDF; merge several documents into a single, convenient onboarding PDF packet; and send offer letters to candidates and managers, then track status in real time and securely capture e-signatures.

### Relevant APIs:

* [Adobe Document Generation API](apis/doc-generation/)
* [Adobe PDF Services API](apis/pdf-services/)
* [Adobe Acrobat Sign](https://www.adobe.com/sign.html)
* [Adobe PDF Embed API](apis/pdf-embed/)

- [Start tutorial](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/document-services/tutorials/usecases/employeeonboarding.html)

<TextBlock slots="heading,text,subHeading,linksGroups,buttons,image" theme="light" headerElementType="h2" homeZigZag className="home-zigzag-comp-padding Adobe-PDF-Extract-API legal-workflows" />

### Automate legal workflows.

Streamline legal contract and compliance processes to save time and reduce business risks. You can create legal document templates with dynamic fields that can be automatically merged with data and customized with specicfic inputs and logic. In a few steps, you can build efficient workflows for reviews, approvals, and capturing e-signatures.

### Relevant APIs:

* [Adobe Document Generation API](apis/doc-generation/)
* [Adobe PDF Services API](apis/pdf-services/)
* [Adobe PDF Extract API](apis/pdf-extract/)
* [Adobe PDF Embed API](apis/pdf-embed/)

- [Start tutorial](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/document-services/tutorials/usecases/automatelegalworkflows.html)

![PDF Extract API Workflow](../images/mob_Image_Legal.jpg)


<SummaryBlock slots="heading, text" theme="dark" background="rgb(31, 42, 73)" className="customer_stories py-1"/>

## Customer stories.

See how our customers are building smarter and faster document experiences.

<!-- Custom Stories -->
<WrapperComponent slots="content"  background="rgb(31, 42, 73)" className="customer_story_wrapper"/>
<CustomerStory />


<SummaryBlock slots="image, heading, text, buttons" theme="lightest" primaryOutline background="white" className="get-started-today py-2"/>

![summary block bg img](../images/bg-hero.jpeg)

### Get started today.

Activate your free trial and build better document workflows today.

- [Start free trial](https://documentcloud.adobe.com/dc-integration-creation-app-cdn/main.html)
- [Talk to an expert](/pricing/contact/)

<APIPixelRetargeting/>
