src/pages/doc-generation/dg-start-modifying-pdf.md, before:

---
title: Adobe Developer — Doc generation — Start Modifying PDFs in a few Minutes
---

<TitleBlock slots="heading, text" theme="light" className="titleBlock-align-left"/>

## Start modifying PDFs in a few minutes
Start your free 6-month trial today with 1,000 PDF transactions

<TextBlock slots="heading,text,buttons" theme="light"  width="33%" className="align-left"/>

## Step 1
Start your free 6-month trial today with 1,000 PDF transactions
- [Get Started](https://www.adobe.com/go/pdfEmbedAPI_demo)

<TextBlock slots="heading,text,buttons" theme="light"  width="33%" className="align-left"/>

## Step 2
Download ready to run samples for Node.js, Java, and Python
- [Node.js](https://www.adobe.com/go/pdfEmbedAPI_demo)
- [Java](https://www.adobe.com/go/pdfEmbedAPI_demo)
- [Python](https://www.adobe.com/go/pdfEmbedAPI_demo)


<TextBlock slots="heading,text,buttons" theme="light"  width="33%" className="align-left"/>

## Step 3
Add credentials to your code and experience the power of the API
- [View docs](https://www.adobe.com/go/pdfEmbedAPI_demo)
- [View API reference](https://www.adobe.com/go/pdfEmbedAPI_demo)

Commit message:

Improved the document generation UI as per client review

src/pages/doc-generation/dg-start-modifying-pdf.md, after:

---
title: Adobe Developer — Doc generation — Start Modifying PDFs in a few Minutes
---

<TitleBlock slots="heading, text" theme="light" className="titleBlock-align-left"/>

## Get started in minutes
Start free trial with 1,000 Document Transactions for up to 6 months

<TextBlock slots="heading,text,buttons" theme="light"  width="33%" className="align-left"/>

## Step 1
Start a free trial and download code samples for Node.js, Java, and .Net
- [Get Started](https://www.adobe.com/go/pdfEmbedAPI_demo)

<TextBlock slots="heading,text,buttons" theme="light"  width="33%" className="align-left link"/>

## Step 2
Get the Adobe Document Tagger Microsoft Word add-in and check out our [sample templates.](/src/pages/doc-generation#sample-blade)
- [Node.js](https://www.adobe.com/go/pdfEmbedAPI_demo)
- [Java](https://www.adobe.com/go/pdfEmbedAPI_demo)
- [Python](https://www.adobe.com/go/pdfEmbedAPI_demo)


<TextBlock slots="heading,text,buttons" theme="light"  width="33%" className="align-left link"/>

## Step 3
Add credentials to your code and run! <br/>[API Reference](https://www.adobe.com/go/dcsdk_APIdocs#post-documentGeneration)
- [View docs](https://www.adobe.com/go/pdfEmbedAPI_demo)
- [View API reference](https://www.adobe.com/go/pdfEmbedAPI_demo)
