src/pages/doc-generation/dg-use-case-doc-service-api.md, before:

---
title: Adobe Developer — Automate Document Generation | Document Use case | Adobe
---

<TitleBlock slots="heading" theme="lightest" className="titleBlock-align-left"/>

## Use case for document services API

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' />

[](use-cases)

![discovery_banner_img](../images/F_Illu_DevEcoDC_discovery_banner_756x500_2x.png)

## Sales proposals and contracts
Accelerate reusing content in systems of record and downstream processes, such as RPA, NLP, ML and search by quickly extracting content from native and scanned PDFs


<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' />

[](use-cases)

![discovery_banner_img](../images/F_Illu_DevEcoDC_discovery_banner_756x500_2x.png)

### Legal contracts
Generate legal contracts with dynamic terms and signatures


<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' />

[](use-cases)

![discovery_banner_img](../images/F_Illu_DevEcoDC_discovery_banner_756x500_2x.png)

### Data analysis
Extract data from complex tables including cell data, column and row headers, and table properties for use in machine learning analysis, or storage


<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' />

[](use-cases)

![discovery_banner_img](../images/F_Illu_DevEcoDC_discovery_banner_756x500_2x.png)

### Digital content publishing
Easily republish in different formats by extracting structured content elements such as headings, lists, paragraphs, fonts, and character styling

Commit message:

Improved the document generation UI as per client review

src/pages/doc-generation/dg-use-case-doc-service-api.md, after:

---
title: Adobe Developer — Automate Document Generation | Document Use case | Adobe
---

<TitleBlock slots="heading" theme="lightest" className="titleBlock-align-left"/>

## Use cases for document generation API

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' />

[](use-cases)

![discovery_banner_img](../images/F_Illu_DevEcoDC_discovery_banner_756x500_2x.png)

## Sales proposals
Create custom branded proposals and contracts


<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' />

[](use-cases)

![discovery_banner_img](../images/F_Illu_DevEcoDC_discovery_banner_756x500_2x.png)

### Legal contracts
Generate legal contracts with dynamic terms and signatures


<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' />

[](use-cases)

![discovery_banner_img](../images/F_Illu_DevEcoDC_discovery_banner_756x500_2x.png)

### Invoices
Automate invoice generation with various data inputs


<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' />

[](use-cases)

![discovery_banner_img](../images/F_Illu_DevEcoDC_discovery_banner_756x500_2x.png)

### NDA
Generate standardized NDA documents with custom data and signatures
