src/pages/home/home-storyies.md, before:

<TitleBlock slots="heading, text" theme="lightest" className="titleBlock-align-left" id="customer" />

### Customer stories

See how our customers are building great experiences and succeeding with Adobe.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading,text" width="25%" theme="lightest"  className='useCaseCard card-heading-size' isCustomStories/>

[mtec-story.pdf](../resources/mtec-story.pdf)

![EMPTY_ALT](../images/mtec.png)

### MTEC

MTEC uses Adobe PDF Extract API to improve speed and accuracy of automatic text extraction from financial data PDF files.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text " width="25%" theme="lightest" className='useCaseCard card-heading-size' isCustomStories/>

[AdobeExpCloudStory.pdf](../resources/AdobeExpCloudStory.pdf)

![EMPTY_ALT](../images/AE_story.png)

### Adobe

Agreement Experience is projected to save deal desk and sales attorneys 36,000 hours annually on contracts.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading,text" width="25%" theme="lightest" className='useCaseCard card-heading-size hme-custom-header' isCustomStories/>

[Cambridge-Assessment.pdf](../resources/Cambridge-Assessment.pdf)

![EMPTY_ALT](../images/Cambridge-Assessment.jpeg)

### Cambridge Assessment

Cambridge Assessment intends to digitize more than 100 years of test material with Adobe PDF Extract API.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading,text" width="25%" theme="lightest" className='useCaseCard card-heading-size' isCustomStories/>

[AI-Singapore-Story](../resources/AI-Singapore-Story.pdf)

![EMPTY_ALT](../images/AISingapore.png)

### AI Singapore (AISG)

AI Singapore accelerates deep learning models with Adobe PDF Extract API.

Commit message:

Fixed the code snippet issue.
Added the customer stories content on home page

Designed and integrated the accessibility Checker Form.

Updated the contents

Updated the content as per given documents.

Updated the announcement block content

Updated the form above content link and text

Updated the link text

Updated the agreement document redirection URL

Updated the theme version and dependencies

Updated the PROD url

Updated the AFTIA story on customer-stories page

Updated the custom-story orders

Updated the AFTIA story

Fixed the custom stories page 404 issue

Fixed the redirection issue

src/pages/home/home-storyies.md, after:

<TitleBlock slots="heading, text" theme="lightest" className="titleBlock-align-left" id="customer" />

### Customer stories

See how our customers are building great experiences and succeeding with Adobe.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading,text" width="25%" theme="lightest"  className='useCaseCard card-heading-size' isCustomStories/>

[mtec-story.pdf](../resources/mtec-story.pdf)

![EMPTY_ALT](../images/mtec.png)

### MTEC

MTEC uses Adobe PDF Extract API to improve speed and accuracy of automatic text extraction from financial data PDF files.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text " width="25%" theme="lightest" className='useCaseCard card-heading-size' isCustomStories/>

[AdobeExpCloudStory.pdf](../resources/AdobeExpCloudStory.pdf)

![EMPTY_ALT](../images/AE_story.png)

### Adobe

Agreement Experience is projected to save deal desk and sales attorneys 36,000 hours annually on contracts.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading,text" width="25%" theme="lightest" className='useCaseCard card-heading-size hme-custom-header' isCustomStories/>

[aftia-story.pdf](../resources/aftia-story.pdf)

![EMPTY_ALT](../images/aftia.png)

### AFTIA

AFTIA helps a multinational financial services company better serve clients by accelerating client onboarding with Adobe apps and APIs.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading,text" width="25%" theme="lightest" className='useCaseCard card-heading-size' isCustomStories/>

[AI-Singapore-Story](../resources/AI-Singapore-Story.pdf)

![EMPTY_ALT](../images/AISingapore.png)

### AI Singapore (AISG)

AI Singapore accelerates deep learning models with Adobe PDF Extract API.
