src/pages/apis/pdf-embed/use-case.md, before:

---
title: Adobe Developer — PDF-embed  —  Use cases
---

<TitleBlock slots="heading" theme="lightest" className="titleBlock-align-left"/>

## Use cases for PDF Embed API


<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' className="useCaseCard"/>

[](../use-cases/collaboration/student-teacher-collaboration/)

![ ](../../images/student-teacher-collaboration.jpg)

### Student teacher collaboration

Accelerate digital learning programs with embedded PDF viewing for teacher and peer document collaboration.


<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' className="useCaseCard"/>

[](../use-cases/collaboration/review-and-approval/)

![ ](../../images/reviews-and-approvals.jpg)

### Reviews and approvals

Maximize remote worker productivity with multi-user document collaboration including commenting, markup, text edits, and more.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' className="useCaseCard"/>

[](../use-cases/content-publishing/digital-content-publishing/)

![ ](../../images/content-republishing.jpg)

### Digital content publishing

Easily republish in different formats by extracting structured content elements such as headings, lists, paragraphs, fonts, and character styling.


<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' className="useCaseCard"/>

<!-- [](/use-cases/report-creation-editing) Faced 404 issue-->

[](../use-cases/content-publishing/on-demand-report-creation/)


![ ](../../images/report-creation-editing.jpg)

### Report creation and editing

Create and embed reports for internal or external consumption, sharing, and review.

Commit message:

Improved the header navigation and image content accessibility

src/pages/apis/pdf-embed/use-case.md, after:

---
title: Adobe Developer — PDF-embed  —  Use cases
---

<TitleBlock slots="heading" theme="lightest" className="titleBlock-align-left"/>

## Use cases for PDF Embed API


<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' className="useCaseCard"/>

[](../use-cases/collaboration/student-teacher-collaboration/)

![APIs and SDKs for student teacher collaboration](../../images/student-teacher-collaboration.jpg " ")

### Student teacher collaboration

Accelerate digital learning programs with embedded PDF viewing for teacher and peer document collaboration.


<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' className="useCaseCard"/>

[](../use-cases/collaboration/review-and-approval/)

![APIs and SDKs for reviews and appraisals](../../images/reviews-and-approvals.jpg " ")

### Reviews and approvals

Maximize remote worker productivity with multi-user document collaboration including commenting, markup, text edits, and more.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' className="useCaseCard"/>

[](../use-cases/content-publishing/digital-content-publishing/)

![APIs and SDKs for PDF content republishing](../../images/content-republishing.jpg " ")

### Digital content publishing

Easily republish in different formats by extracting structured content elements such as headings, lists, paragraphs, fonts, and character styling.


<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text" width="25%" theme='lightest' className="useCaseCard"/>

<!-- [](/use-cases/report-creation-editing) Faced 404 issue-->

[](../use-cases/content-publishing/on-demand-report-creation/)


![APIs and SDKs for report creation and editing](../../images/report-creation-editing.jpg " ")

### Report creation and editing

Create and embed reports for internal or external consumption, sharing, and review.
