src/pages/apis/pdf-extract/why-extract-api.md, before:

---
title: Adobe Developer — Wrapper Components  —  API Extract Why Adobe PDF Extract API
---


<SummaryBlock slots="heading, buttons" theme="light" buttonPositionRight btnVariant="cta" isBtnVariant />

### Key features of Adobe PDF Extract API

* [Start free trial](https://dc.stage.acrobat.com/dc-integration-creation-app-cdn/main.html?api=pdf-extract-api)

<TextBlock slots="image, heading, text" width="25%" theme="light" className="align-left icon-xl-size padding-top-zero horizontal-align-heading" />

![comprehensive-content-extraction](../../images/comprehensive-content-extraction.svg)

### Comprehensive content extraction

Extract all PDF document elements including text, tables, and images within a structured JSON file to enable a variety of downstream solutions.




<TextBlock slots="image, heading, text" width="25%" theme="light"  className="align-left icon-xl-size padding-top-zero horizontal-align-heading"/>

![document-structure-understanding](../../images/document-structure-understanding.svg)

### Document structure understanding

Classify text objects such as headings, lists, footnotes, and paragraphs that may span multiple columns or pages. Capture text fonts and styles, positioning, and the natural reading order of all objects.



<TextBlock slots="image, heading, text" width="25%" theme="light"  className="align-left icon-xl-size padding-top-zero horizontal-align-heading"/>

![high-fidelity](../../images/high-fidelity.svg)

### Highly accurate results

Adobe Sensei AI technology delivers highly accurate data extraction across a broad range of document types – both native and scanned PDFs – without requiring custom ML templates or model training.



<TextBlock slots="image, heading, text" width="25%" theme="light"  className="align-left icon-xl-size padding-top-zero horizontal-align-heading"/>

![platform-agnostic](../../images/platform-agnostic.svg)

### Platform agnostic

Adobe’s PDF Extract API is RESTful and can be used to seamlessly integrate with any cloud platform or on-premise application.

Commit message:

resolved the images decoration with alt name accessibility issues

src/pages/apis/pdf-extract/why-extract-api.md, after:

---
title: Adobe Developer — Wrapper Components  —  API Extract Why Adobe PDF Extract API
---


<SummaryBlock slots="heading, buttons" theme="light" buttonPositionRight btnVariant="cta" isBtnVariant />

### Key features of Adobe PDF Extract API

* [Start free trial](https://dc.stage.acrobat.com/dc-integration-creation-app-cdn/main.html?api=pdf-extract-api)

<TextBlock slots="image, heading, text" width="25%" theme="light" className="align-left icon-xl-size padding-top-zero horizontal-align-heading" />

![Comprehensively Extract information from PDF Documents](../../images/comprehensive-content-extraction.svg " ")

### Comprehensive content extraction

Extract all PDF document elements including text, tables, and images within a structured JSON file to enable a variety of downstream solutions.




<TextBlock slots="image, heading, text" width="25%" theme="light"  className="align-left icon-xl-size padding-top-zero horizontal-align-heading"/>

![Extract meaningfully PDF with structural semantics](../../images/document-structure-understanding.svg " ")

### Document structure understanding

Classify text objects such as headings, lists, footnotes, and paragraphs that may span multiple columns or pages. Capture text fonts and styles, positioning, and the natural reading order of all objects.



<TextBlock slots="image, heading, text" width="25%" theme="light"  className="align-left icon-xl-size padding-top-zero horizontal-align-heading"/>

![AI-driven PDF extraction](../../images/high-fidelity.svg " ")

### Highly accurate results

Adobe Sensei AI technology delivers highly accurate data extraction across a broad range of document types – both native and scanned PDFs – without requiring custom ML templates or model training.



<TextBlock slots="image, heading, text" width="25%" theme="light"  className="align-left icon-xl-size padding-top-zero horizontal-align-heading"/>

![Platform flexibility for PDF Extract](../../images/platform-agnostic.svg " ")

### Platform agnostic

Adobe’s PDF Extract API is RESTful and can be used to seamlessly integrate with any cloud platform or on-premise application.
