src/pages/apis/pdf-services/use-cases-resource-cards.md, before:

---
title: Adobe Developer — PDF Services API  —   Use Cases for Document Services API
---

<!-- Resource Cards Block -->

<TitleBlock slots="heading" theme="lightest" className="titleBlock-align-left"/>

## Use cases for PDF services API

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text"  theme='lightest' width="25%" className="useCaseCard"/>

[](/use-cases/content-publishing/on-demand-report-creation)

![ ](../../images/report-creation-editing.jpg)

### Report creation and editing

Create and embed reports for internal or external consumption, sharing, and review.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text"  theme='lightest' width="25%" className="useCaseCard"/>

[](/use-cases/archiving-and-retrieval/search-and-indexing/)

![ ](../../images/searching-and-indexing.jpg)

### Search and Indexing

Create searchable indexes from digital documents to quickly locate critical content for compliance and other downstream processing.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text"  theme='lightest' width="25%" className="useCaseCard"/>

[](/use-cases/content-publishing/digital-content-publishing/)

![ ](../../images/content-republishing.jpg)

### Digital content publishing

Publish whitepapers and marketing content with end-user interactivity, security controls, and analytics.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text"  theme='lightest' width="25%" className="useCaseCard"/>

[](/use-cases/content-publishing/job-posting/)

![ ](../../images/job-posting.jpg)

### Job posting

Automate job posting with supporting documents such as PDF brochures, relevant job supplements, and company details.

Commit message:

Improved the header navigation and image content accessibility

src/pages/apis/pdf-services/use-cases-resource-cards.md, after:

---
title: Adobe Developer — PDF Services API  —   Use Cases for Document Services API
---

<!-- Resource Cards Block -->

<TitleBlock slots="heading" theme="lightest" className="titleBlock-align-left"/>

## Use cases for PDF services API

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text"  theme='lightest' width="25%" className="useCaseCard"/>

[](/use-cases/content-publishing/on-demand-report-creation)

![APIs and SDKs for report creation and editing](../../images/report-creation-editing.jpg " ")

### Report creation and editing

Create and embed reports for internal or external consumption, sharing, and review.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text"  theme='lightest' width="25%" className="useCaseCard"/>

[](/use-cases/archiving-and-retrieval/search-and-indexing/)

![APIs and SDKs for search and indexing](../../images/searching-and-indexing.jpg " ")

### Search and Indexing

Create searchable indexes from digital documents to quickly locate critical content for compliance and other downstream processing.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text"  theme='lightest' width="25%" className="useCaseCard"/>

[](/use-cases/content-publishing/digital-content-publishing/)

![APIs and SDKs for PDF content publishing](../../images/content-republishing.jpg " ")

### Digital content publishing

Publish whitepapers and marketing content with end-user interactivity, security controls, and analytics.

<ResourceCard slots="link, image, heading, text"  theme='lightest' width="25%" className="useCaseCard"/>

[](/use-cases/content-publishing/job-posting/)

![APIs and SDKs for job postings](../../images/job-posting.jpg " ")

### Job posting

Automate job posting with supporting documents such as PDF brochures, relevant job supplements, and company details.
